1-	Ok lets scrap everything from above and start afresh. I wish to build a CRM for Account based marketing tool for my sales team, where users can add accounts where Account name is the company name and upon clicking the account name I will have a section where my users will add all the details of the company like company website url, owners,Number of users, Instagram handle and linkedin url with phone number and email id of the company. A bifurcation of these accounts will happen on the basis of account type which will be filtered as either Channel partner, Mandate, Developer, Builder or Land and Plots. 
2-	After clicking the account name, a section below it will appear where multiple fields will capture details like, Account Created by, which will be the name of the Pre-sales person or also called as User who have signed up on the app, Lead Source, Multiple Contact person’s name with their phone numbers personal and work, their designation, city, their date of birth, each Contact person Instagram url, linkedin url, Demo Schedule date, Demo done date, demo done by and POCs who attended the demos and these demos will capture all the past demos and notes from those demos also captured in the notes section,  Deal Stage, Current CRM, Current CRM Expiry and format will only be in MM/YY. The dropdown on selection basis will only happen for Account created by, lead source, city, demo done by , deal stage and current crm. Ant this should be a table view. 
3-	The lead sources will have dropdowns of LINKEDIN, INSTAGRAM, WEBSITE, COLD CALL, FACEBOOK, GOOGLE ADS, REFERRAL. 
4-	Need to have advance filters while searching for the account, filters based on account name, phone number, city, account type, Deal Stage, Current CRM, Demo Done date and Deal Stage. 
5-	Also need to have the timeline from account created date to account closed won / closed lost date. Which will also capture major activity of demo schedule date to demo done date. 
6-	If the number of users of a particular account is between 10-24 then it will be marked as Small Account. If the number is from 24-49, then the account is marked as Medium and for 50+ the account will be marked as Enterprise. 
7-	I want login access to the users and they will be signing up on the app through their email IDs. And want to assign roles to my team and while signing up a user must fill their Full name, phone number and email ID. And these users would come in Account created by dropdown and Demo Aligned by and should have an option of manually adding the value in demo taken by. And all of them should have dropdowns for values filled. 
8-	The dashboard should show each user, how many new accounts created each day, each week and each with a custom date filter option and should show how many demos aligned and how many demos completed each day, week , month and custom date filter option is also there. And should show how many demos that were lined up were Small, Medium and Enterprise. 
9-	And I want to have a activity log of all the activities done on a particular account and all these activities must be tracked on account basis and users basis. 
10-	There should be an export option on the top right which will export all information of the accounts on that particular page in excel or csv format. 
